Foster and Young (2001) demonstrate the failure of Bayesian learning rules to learn mixed equilibria in games of uncertain information. Foster and Young (2003) introduce a learning procedure in which players form hypotheses about their opponents' strategies, which they occasionally test against their opponents' past play.

### Plan for presentation:

+ introduce to framework - game theory and setup: repeated games eps-best replies + (1-eps) of time eps-eq
+ question posed: are there learning strategies that come close to equilibrium play of repeated game? important but challenging problem, because social systems are self-referential: the act of learning changes the thing to be learned.
    + no difficulty in constructing dynamic algorithms that converge to NE of the stage game. given eps, simply search the space of mixed strategies until one finds eps-equilibrium of the stage game, then eps/2 etc. -> inf. Not solution! not decentralized learning processes (requires coordinated search), payoffs common knowledge (not robust), ignores desire of players to maximize their playoff as learning process.
    + pre: assumptions
    + fictitious play (special classes: zero-sum, dominance, potential games)
    + bayesian rational players can learn to play Nash when distri of payoff-types is common knowledge
    + an alternative approach to learning called prospecting in which players are rational and good predictors, but beliefs have a small random component.
+ hypothesis testing. 4 steps. type I - hypothesis sufficiently close to the truth -> rejecting close to 0. type II - hypothesis far from truth, test should reject with probability close to 1.
+ Feedback loop: While holding a hypothesis, the hypothesis tester is forced to take actions that his opponent can observe. If the hypothesis tester is rational, these actions must bear a particular relationship to the hypothesis. This means that the opponents can make inferences about the tester’s current hypothesis, and hence his future actions, which may cause them to alter their future actions, thus perhaps invalidating the tester’s hypothesis.
    + “grain of reflection”: if player i intends to use a strategy, then she should not rule out the possibility that player j will adopt a best reply to her strategy. In other words, the support of a player’s beliefs should include all best replies to the player’s own strategy
+ memory (for hypothesis), strategies no memory, bounded rationality, approximation
+ how to select new hypothesis? flexible+conservative
+ inference given model how to respond
+ vocabulary
    + good predictors if the difference between their beliefs and the distribution of the others’ actual strategies goes to zero over time
    + 
+ theorem
+ proofs: subproblems 
+ beliefs: naive no allowance for the possibility of change when rejecting a test. but because of cpnservativity - hypothesis testing strategies are eps-best reply to their belief
+ as in SA change of params over time (convergence in probability)
+ summarization